.\"  sarp -- client for Secure ARP key management
.\"
.\"  Copyright (C) 2002  ALoR <alor@users.sourceforge.net>
.\"
.\"  This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\"  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\"  the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\"  (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\"  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\"  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\"  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\"  GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"  along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\"  Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.\"
.de Sp
.if n .sp
.if t .sp 0.4
..
.TH SARP "8" "@SERIAL@" "sarp 0.0.9-devel"
.SH NAME
.B sarp 0.0.9-devel \- client for Secure ARP key management
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sarp
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] 

.SH DESCRIPTION
sarp is a tool for the creation of DSA key to be used in a S-ARP LAN.
.br
the keys have to be put in the AKD database. 

.PP
.SH OPTIONS
Options that make sense together can generally be combined. sarpd will warn the user
about unsupported option combinations.
.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-bitlen <FILE>\fR
use this option to generate keys with arbitrary key length (def. 1024)
.TP
\fB\-g\fR, \fB\-\-genkey\fR
generate a keypair
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-sign\fR
generate a signed info file. this file format is used by the AKD to load the
information in its database. 
.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-outfile <FILE>\fR
specify the output filename for keypair
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-check\fR
check if a given keypair is valid. it perform a test to check if the public
key corresponts to the private one
.TP
\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-infile <FILE>\fR
specify the input filename for keypair verification
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
be verbose during operations
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
prints the version and exit

                  
.SH EXAMPLES
Here are some examples of using sarpd.
.TP
.B sarp -gv -b 512
.Sp
create a 512 bit key pair
.TP
.B sarp -gsv
.Sp
create a 1024 bit signed key pair (the .sarp file is the file to be put in the
AKD repository directory)

.SH PLATFORMS
Linux 2.2.x  2.4.x


.SH AUTHOR
Alberto Ornaghi (ALoR) <alor@security.dico.unimi.it>



